---
layout: post
title: "Plan #1 - Don't do things that make you guilty"
date: 2019-12-19 8:05:09 +0530
categories: Plans
---

I have figured out a few things. I am capable of extraordinarily waste time. I can do it for a long and longer time. 3 days gone – just like that. 5 days. Months. 6 Months. I can argue I wasted 6 months doing that. I do 2 things. Consume social media, movies, web-series & masturbate. There are things that I don't do. Go meet people, pick their calls and reply to their text. I become more and more lazy. I avoid bathing. Let's call this Pleasure Island.

Now, that we understand of how easy for me is to be there and stay there for infinite time. We should work to not get there.

Why do I got there in the first place, as opposed doing what you would like to do, I go there because:

1. The rest of the world is too complex.
2. The rest of the world is not as rewarding.
3. Sitting idle hurts.
4. The real world doesn't much feedback, if you actually go there.

So my plan handles one of the worst places I can be.

> ## Don't do things that make you guilty.
>
> Dont do things that make you guilty. Don't feel guilty for things you have done. Do something creative instead. Waste time creatively.Don't watch TV. Don't browse social media. Instead, do something less consumptive and more interactive and constructive. Like programming, painting, building etc. Not being guilty is really important. Having self-respect is more and more necessary. Doing creative work will give you the confidence you need.
